A final word.
Thank you very, very much for taking my course.
I, like you, confronted my fears of transitioning from a techy to a manager.
My transformation was a struggle and challenge at
times and actually took several years, so be patient.
As I look back I am glad and have been rewarded by my career choices,
professionally and monetarily,
so I want to give you encouragement and confidence as well,
so if you are asked to be a manager, what will you do?
If you have the opportunity for a management role,
go for it and drive forward knowing you have my course as
a guide to navigate the trials of management and I am
here for you to help as well,
so send me an email anytime with questions and I would
be happy to correspond with you.
Okay,
now let's check out my other Pluralsight courses which make great companion courses with Practical Team Management for Software Engineers.